Welcome to the Ocean Studio here as part
of the Yahowah vlog.
I'm your host, Craig Wynn.
It is the twenty seventh of November,
twenty twenty five,
which means that this is what Americans
celebrate as Thanksgiving Day.
I thought I'd begin by just sharing an
insight that may not be known to many
of you.
But Thanksgiving was not a celebration of
the Native Americans feeling sorry for the
pilgrims and deciding to feed them rather
than allow them to starve to death.
Had the Native Americans actually been in
that position, of course,
it would have been in their interest to
have them starve because of the fact that
they would perpetrate apartheid and
genocide on the native populations,
all in the name of their wannabe man-god,
So it was not a positive encounter for
the Native Americans by any perspective.
The origins of Thanksgiving as a national
holiday actually date back to the uncivil
war in America.
Lincoln,
who was a racist during the
Lincoln-Douglas debates,
he actually said that
The fate for what he would have called
Negroes at the time,
and I'm sorry to use the term,
that's just the term that he would have
used at the time,
was to put them in concentration camps.
He wanted to do to them what later
was done to the Native Americans and put
them in separate places.
It was Lincoln's opinion
that they did not have the wherewithal to
integrate with Europeans and that they
were inferior to Europeans.
And so his view was the solution to
the problem of having so many,
as he would have used the term,
Negroes in the new country of America was
to put them in concentration camps.
It was one of the great travesties of
history that presents Lincoln as the great
emancipator.
He actually did not emancipate anyone
because there were no slaves in the North.
And it was only well into the war
before he issued the Emancipation
Declaration,
which only released slaves in the South of
which he had no governing authority.
So even that is a myth.
Thanksgiving holiday that we know now is a
product of that horrible war where six
hundred thousand Americans died over an
issue that was actually states' rights.
Did states that had the right to determine
whether or not they wanted to be included
in this new union also have the right
to decide they did not want to be
included any longer?
In other words,
did they only have freedom of entry but
not freedom of exit?
And that was really the issue that the
war was fought over.
And you see that there were a number
of states in the South that joined a
Confederacy.
And during that war,
rather than resolve it amicably and to
say, listen, the fact is,
that slavery is a horrible institution.
Nobody should be enslaved.
It is actually an inefficient way to
develop economy as well.
By the time you look at all of
the costs pursuant to slavery,
paying people to work and having them be
responsible for their food and housing is
actually
better for everyone,
and it creates incentive for everyone,
and it drives everyone so that they're
contributors to the system.
We have, as you can see,
a fairly significant trade wind.
Here it just moved one of our lights
in an odd direction.
We'll go on as long as we can.
Trade winds are part of
the life here in the Caribbean.
So the fact is that slavery is a
horrible institution.
It unfortunately has been part of human
civilization really from the beginning.
Slavery was the lowest tier on the caste
system.
And the caste system was such that the
only people that had any freedom were the
kings.
Limited
only to the kings.
The queens even didn't have any freedom.
The next in line under the direct orders
of the king were the generals and the
priests.
And they had to serve at the king's
orders.
And so you go down the line,
the farmers and the merchants were
essentially served.
They had no freedom of any kind.
They couldn't decide where they were going
to live or anything else or what they
were going to do.
So it was a horrible system,
and that system was pervasive.
If you check human history,
both in the old world and the new
world, the caste system was everywhere.
It was integrated into part of Greece
where we think that, oh, well,
they were the first to have democracy,
which means they must have had human
rights and freedom.
That's just not true.
And, well, there was the Roman Republic.
Well, it had the most...
delineated caste system of them all.
And it was horrific.
And all of these nations enslaved people
to be their labor force.
As a matter of fact,
what's interesting about democracy is that
the longest lived oligarchy,
none of them were actually democracies.
They were all oligarchies.
The longest lived oligarchy was Sparta.
And Sparta was best known for enslaving
all of its neighbors.
It turned all of the men in Sparta
into
to warriors.
So they were abused as children,
so they'd be tough warriors.
And then the Spartans taught them how to
ravage their neighbors so that neighboring
Greeks were enslaved by them and had to
work for the Spartans.
And as I say,
the Spartan men were nothing more than
warriors to enforce that slavery system.
And the women were
Were absolutely nothing but warrior
makers.
They were, as Islamic women are today,
they are the wombs of jihad.
And this was the longest serving oligarchy
of the times.
So our history likes to glamorize things.
And as it relates to Thanksgiving,
the glamorization of Thanksgiving is that
during the prosecution of the Civil War,
Lincoln didn't like the fact that
McClellan was too methodical and that he
was not willing to sacrifice an inordinate
number of men to injure an inordinate
number of Southerners.
So Lincoln wanted to fire him,
but presidents at the time were on shaky
grounds in that regard.
So he met with McClellan at,
I believe it was the Barkley Plantation in
Virginia.
And at the time,
McClellan had permeated the area.
His troops were there during the fall,
and they held a
a powwow on how to get McClellan to
be more aggressive.
And the food and the dinner that was
served, which I think is the first time,
by the way, Taps was played.
That's that somber trumpet medley that is
used when an American soldier dies,
first played there.
But that's the first official U.S.,
Thanksgiving holiday, if you will,
was the persecution of fellow Americans
during the Civil War,
which was about the deprivation of state
rights and fought over an institution
where there were horrible people on both
sides and a lot of
of just mixed messages, hypocrisy,
if you will, for example.
You look at Ulysses S. Grant.
He was an alcoholic.
He was a murderous man.
He didn't care how many people died,
even on his own side.
And he was a slaveholder.
And he was persecuting Robert E. Lee,
who was actually quite the gentleman.
Robert E. Lee didn't own slaves.
Robert E.
Lee owned a large plot of land
that is now Arlington National Cemetery.
The United States simply stole it from
him.
And as I say,
he was not a slave owner.
But the man on the Union side that
was prosecuting the war for the Union was
a slave owner.
It's just how we destroy...
presentation and acceptance of history,
making it so revisionist.
But that really is the story of
Thanksgiving.
It's all enveloped into this horrible war
where six hundred thousand Americans died
for nothing.
A tragedy of great magnitude where slavery
was
so pervasive in civilization and just so
easily resolved,
there was always a better way to end
slavery.
And, you know, even in slavery,
one of the things that very few people
have an appreciation of because it is so
wrongly taught is that
A hundred percent of those who were
enslaved were enslaved in Africa.
They were not enslaved in the new world.
They were enslaved in Africa.
And while they were enslaved in Africa,
it was because warring African tribes did
what people did around the world.
They were not unique in this regard.
They were warriors.
They attacked their neighbors.
They were covetous.
They were greedy.
They were violent.
They attacked their neighbors and they
enslaved those that they conquered.
And after a while,
there were just too many slaves.
And when you get too many of them,
they're too hard to keep track of and
to keep under control.
So they just started killing everybody.
And slavery started up again when Muslims
around the seventh and early eighth
centuries flooded out of
After having perpetrated apartheid on all
of the Jews of Arabia and having
perpetrated genocide on them,
Muhammad did.
And the first group of Muslims after
Muhammad's death,
they perpetrated the war of compulsion on
Arabia,
forcing all Arabs to either surrender to
Islam or die.
And after prosecuting the war of
submission, of compulsion on Arabia,
Muslims then went both east and west,
and they perpetrated the world's most
hideous genocide.
Over two hundred million people,
which was one third of the Earth's
population at the time,
were were murdered by these Muslims.
Countless more were plundered.
They were
raped,
they were enslaved in what was easily the
bloodiest,
most disgusting period of world history.
Literally one third of the population of
the world at the time was harassed and
either murdered or enslaved by these
Muslims.
And that's how Islam spread.
A great travesty,
but we don't talk about that,
unfortunately, and it's just not taught.
It's this perception that everybody else
that was a colonializer was bad,
and they were,
but the worst by far of all the
colonializers, by far the most vicious.
We're the Muslims.
And as they moved into northwestern
Africa,
because slavery is something that Muhammad
did,
Muhammad enslaved countless people and he
sold slaves to buy weapons to perpetrate
Islam submission.
Slavery is considered a honorable
profession, not to be a slave,
to enslave people and to sell slaves.
Human trafficking is not only acceptable
in Islam,
it is an honored profession in Islam.
And so the Muslims in the northwestern
part of Africa believe,
did business deals with the Africans that
were enslaving their own.
So Africans enslaved Africans.
They sold them to the Muslims.
And the Muslims then sold them to the
European shipping companies who then
shipped them to these Caribbean islands
and to South America and to North America.
And that's how the institution of slavery
in the United States,
these Caribbean islands,
and in South America began.
It was Muslims being responsible for
almost all of it in the high ninety
percent of it.
making it economically desirable for
Africans to go off and enslave other
Africans,
such that there was this huge supply of
African slaves,
which the Muslims then sold to the
European shipping companies who brought
them to the New World.
And so there's a lot of blame to
run around.
The Africans doing this to other Africans,
and slavery is still a huge part of
African culture.
The Muslims who were probably the worst
contributors to the slave trade,
and those European shipping companies,
which were absolutely deplorable,
as well as the people who bought them
here in the Caribbean and in North
America.
And
You know,
when you look at the post I presented
on Facebook yesterday,
which was the Romans crucifying all of
those who were part of the Spartacus slave
revolt,
thousands of them along the Appian Way.
The only thing that is worse than
enslaving people is torturing your slaves.
And so the most savage of nations,
In this regard were the Romans.
They were absolutely despicable.
And there's this perception in history of
the grandeur of Rome.
No, it's the disgusting, despicable,
hideous nature of Rome.
They were in all ways untrustworthy,
immoral, greedy, vicious.
And so, again...
We just have a horrible way of society
coming to views of people and past events
that is just horribly wrong.
And my concern on all of this now
is that people are to a significant degree
replacing research and being judgmental in
their thinking,
being discerning and discriminating in the
process of information with,
really online propaganda sites like
Wikipedia and with AI chat bots,
where rather than looking at the available
evidence and coming up with a reasoned
conclusion, they don't.
They all suffer from the
argumentum popular,
this notion that if it's popularly held
and popularly presented, it must be true.
It's as if truth were subject to a
vote.
And so the most prevalent conclusion is
the one that AI will parrot.
Fact is that humanity has almost always
been wrong.
And the only way that we grow as
people is when individuals recognize that
humanity is wrong on an important topic
and somebody points out what's wrong.
But with the AI engines, they have a,
a programming bias to any novel research.
If you are able to demonstrate that
something is wrong,
the AIs will absolutely impugn what you
have to say and will counter it with
the popular appeal.
fallacy.
Now, this, in my case,
means a great deal because I've been able
to prove conclusively beyond any doubt
using evidence and reason that
Christianity, Islam,
and Judaism are all opposed to God and
that they are all counterproductive.
But
Even with irrefutable evidence and some,
what,
thirteen books just on those subjects,
some of them eight hundred and twenty five
pages long.
You can see some of them over my
left shoulder screen right as it would be.
The AIs won't process it, won't accept it,
won't even look at it and can't learn
from it.
So we're entering a period where the
popular myths of society regarding
Christianity, for example,
the world believes there was really a
Jesus and that he was crucified and that
the New Testament is somehow affiliated
with the Bible that includes an Old
Testament when none of that is true.
The New Testament is in wholesale conflict
with the Towrah and prophets.
Jesus never existed.
He is nothing but the product of identity
theft.
He was a crude counterfeit of the actual
Messiah and Son of God, though to David,
who was our returning king.
And Yahowah is not a man.
Men cannot kill Yahowah.
So the whole notion of Christianity is
blatantly false,
but
when you prove it in today's world,
people can't process it anymore.
The same thing is true with Judaism and
the Talmud,
and even to a greater extent with Islam,
which I have demonstrated factually and
irrefutably only exists because rabbis
sold Talmud stories to Muhammad,
which he attributed to Allah and then
twisted for his own self-aggrandizement.
This is the history of
of the Abrahamic religions.
They're all counter to God.
So I just thought maybe that would be
an interesting introduction since this is
Thanksgiving Day.
Well,
we're going to enter a new chapter of
The Voice.
The Voice is volume one of a series
called Coming Home.
It was written to focus on Dowd, David,
primarily his Mizmowr,
but we go in and out of the
Towrah and prophets as well,
because they have so much to say about
Dowd and the role that he played in
fulfilling Yahowah's plan.
And in this particular case,
we're going to return to an early psalm,
this one, the sixth psalm.
And the chapter that we're going to be
covering is called Above and Beyond.
And it's about making persuasive
arguments.
And as I have pointed out so many
times,
there were prophetic revelations that are
exciting to consider and explore pursuant
to Dowd,
the actual Messiah and Son of God.
And each is laden with wonderful
possibilities.
And yet we have decided, in most part,
to follow the original plan throughout
this process in the voice series and in
these books,
which is to
go to the mizmowr, the Psalms,
and to try to process them the best
we can and in order.
Although we did jump out of line to
systematically consider even some of the
later MISMOR.
And we are going to eventually,
through Coming Home Four,
I think we'll reach probably very close to
the fortieth MISMOR, covering all of them,
as you know,
because you have listened to other
programs I have done from other studios
here in the Caribbean.
that we have recently translated and done
programs on the thirty-third,
thirty-fourth,
and thirty-fifth Mizmowr of Dowd.
And we've covered so many others like the
eighty-ninth in virtually every studio and
in many,
many times because it is the most
essential piece of literature that exists
today.
So right now we're going to return since
we have covered the first five to the
sixth mizmowr.
And in doing this, by following this plan,
we have found that the central chord of
Yahowah's testimony is that a person like
none other,
the most uniquely special man in human
history is known.
He was the one that God refers to
as his chosen one.
He was the one that Yahowah said that
was anointed three times on his
instructions.
He is the man that Yahowah called the
Son of God.
None other bear that title but Dowd,
David.
He is also the one that served as
our Savior.
It is Dowd who came in his second
of three lives,
just as he announced in his Psalms,
to fulfill Passover.
He was the one who was crucified in
thirty-three CE.
He is the one who arrived
as Gabriel,
God's most capable and confident man,
to inform Daniel in five fifty five B.C.E.
that he would be returning in thirty three
C.E., which is year four thousand YAH,
to fulfill Chag Matsah, Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
So following in Moshe's footsteps,
which is important because he is the
person that God specifically spoke of in
the eighteenth chapter of the body in
Deuteronomy.
He became Yahowah's beloved son.
He became God's anointed Messiah.
He is the tree of lives.
That's why he's called the branch.
And it is the role that I am
playing now that deserves as the tree of
knowledge pointing to and reacquainting
all with everything Dowd achieved and why
it is essential for us to know at
this time.
Dowd became Yah's chosen shepherd and king
more than anyone else.
And more than any of this,
he is also the Zarowa,
the protective ram and sacrificial lamb,
God's strong arm.
It is Dowd's lyrics which sing their way
into Yahowah's heart and that should pierce
the heart of his people.
He is also the lamb of Passover.
Dowd more than anyone revealed the most
effective way to observe and live the
Towrah.
He was, as the Lamb ascribed,
he actually wrote the lone eyewitness
account
of his fulfillment of Pesach Passover,
in addition to Matsah, unyeasted bread,
leading to Bikuwrym, firstborn children.
These stories are featured in the
twenty-second and eighty-eighth mizmowr,
and then affirmed by his father, Yahowah,
in the eighty-ninth psalm.
And he is going to be accompanying God
upon his return.
Fighting as he always has for his people,
he's returning at the sunsets on Yom
Kipurym,
the day of reconciliations in year six
thousand year, twenty thirty three.
Then shepherding God's people into the
pastures flowing with living waters during
Sukah.
Everyone who is purged by the sacrifice of
the bull, the Adam of Parah on Taruwah.
will be allowed to enter this return to
the Garden of Eden on Sukah,
with the trees of lives and knowledge
intertwined at that time.
So in the sixth mizmowr song, or psalm,
we find Dowd longing for this new
beginning, for the Shemoneh,
the eighth octave, if you will,
which sings to us about the eighth day
of Sukah shelters.
Even at the time that I wrote those
words,
I didn't have a full appreciation of
eight,
and yet God is really insistent upon it.
There are eight who carry the Ark of
the Covenant when it moves,
as it will be moved to its rightful
place on the Temple Mount beneath a
replica of the Tent of the Restoring
Witness during
the events preceding the fulfillment of
Taruwah and the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah in your six thousand yah the eight
people that move it will likely be the
same eight people that are designated
during the Shabuwah harvest it's the same
eight people that are designated during
Taruwah and during Sukah and it speaks of
the responsibility of the
of the seventh day as it leads to
the opportunity of the eighth day.
You see,
when we were back in the garden,
Adam and Chawah failed miserably.
They didn't work.
They didn't listen.
They didn't respond in a manner that
Yahowah could trust and rely.
And therefore,
it was Yahowah who caused the fall of
man.
He said, you are just not prepared.
I can't let you out of this garden
and be responsible for you.
You're going to have to go out of
the garden because this is not working for
me.
You're not going to grow in a manner
that's going to
present a genuine relationship.
This is nothing now but you being
dependents, you're deadbeats.
And so I'm going to give you the
opportunity over six thousand years to get
your act together.
And ultimately,
I'm going to prepare a new remnant of
you to enter the garden again.
And there will be then a thousand years
for you to learn why you need to
listen.
why you need to respond appropriately,
why you need to learn,
why you need to be industrious and
contribute something to the relationship
and to your environment,
and why you need to present yourself as
trustworthy for me to allow you during the
eighth day, signifying infinity,
off of this planet so that you can
go explore.
It was interesting speaking of
this eighth day and the eighth people who
will be working to harvest the fruit of
the Tree of Knowledge that will be
restored in Gan Eden as we move back
into it on Sukah in year six thousand
year twenty thirty three.
It's a October seventh of that year.
I was listening to an interesting program.
It was a bit of a challenge.
It was delivered in French last night.
but it was about a scientist who said,
you know,
you've heard that because of the fact that
there were two trillion galaxies, and oh,
by the way, you know,
if you go back just twenty years or
so, thirty, forty years or so,
we were convinced that the entire size of
the universe was just our galaxy,
the Milky Way,
and to come to find out that no,
our galaxy is only one of
of two trillion that we know of.
And that number will change and grow as
well as we develop better tools to survey
the universe.
But two trillion of these galaxies and
that
they average about two to four hundred
billion stars apiece and that each of
those stars, many of them anyway,
have planets.
And so this scientist was going through
that and he says,
because of the vast numbers,
it has been assumed that life would be
prevalent elsewhere,
that we can't have been the only planet
with intelligent life.
Now,
What he did not do is just go
through the math,
and the math says that going from
inorganic materials to an organic life
form, particularly one with a soul,
that is able to replicate itself
able to observe and respond to the
environment and that through genetic
mutation can become better rather than
worse because ninety nine point nine nine
nine percent of genetic mutations lead to
the an inferior status for the species and
ultimately to their demise.
And the odds against that are so absurdly
high.
It's the range of ten to the fifty
third power.
You'd have an infinitely better chance of
a tornado whirling over a junkyard and
building an operable seven forty seven
than you would of matter turning into
life.
And then you've got the issue of DNA.
And since it is a three-dimensional
language, it had an author.
And you just can't get there.
But he wouldn't even focus on that.
What he went through is to say how
special this planet is.
And I say this because I want you
to know that
Gan Eden,
this garden that Dowd is speaking of us
returning to.
And we've done a lot of programs on
us returning to the garden here recently.
It was a protective enclosure.
And we did not do well in that
protective enclosure.
But the earth is also a protective
enclosure.
And it's not just a protective enclosure
that's conducive to life.
It is likely the only one in the
universe.
You heard that correctly.
It is likely the only one in the
universe.
And what you find if you think it
through rationally is that what we have
learned is that
The Milky Way is a very unique galaxy.
About five percent of galaxies would be in
this situation where we're reasonably set
apart from other galaxies.
And it is only when you when you
are not in a congested part of the
universe that life even has a chance to
form because there's just too much chaos.
in more concentrated areas of the
universe.
And so it's only about five percent of
galaxies that would even have the
potential to have a planet in them that
is conducive to life.
And then you have to realize that there's
only about a ten percent narrow band
within a galaxy that is conducive to life.
It pretty much has to be a spiral
galaxy.
And you have to be in one of
the outer arms.
If you get too far out,
There is not enough stars that are like
our sun that when they go through their
life cycle would create metals,
would create the elements that would
produce a rocky planet and that would be
those elements that could ultimately be
shaped, as Yahowah says, into life.
And if you move too far in,
the black holes and the supernova
explosions and cosmic rays and this sort
of thing,
it's just way too caustic to life.
And so it's only about a ten percent
strip of five percent of galaxies in the
universe where life is,
we know it is even possible.
And then on top of that,
You have to have just the right kind
of star.
These red dwarfs don't work because
they're too volatile and they're too short
lived in terms of their lifespan.
And the big superstars are way too
powerful.
And so it's just that it's only about
five percent of stars that are conducive.
to life.
And our sun happens to be one of
them.
Our galaxy has to be one of them.
Earth's position in our galaxy happens to
be correct.
And so each of these things diminishes the
possibility by about ninety five percent
each of the way through.
And then you have to be like in
our universe,
if we were ten percent closer to the
sun, we wouldn't have an atmosphere.
The sun's solar
generation and and waves would would blow
our atmosphere away.
And if it be
be impossible to support life.
And if we were as much as ten
percent further out,
then you couldn't have liquid water.
So you have to be in a very
narrow band,
even within an acceptable galaxy and an
acceptable position within that galaxy and
an acceptable with an acceptable star and
this acceptable distance from that star.
And then you have to have a super
massive gas giant in that galaxy like
Jupiter, which very few solar systems do,
that is way out away from the rocky
planet because it was closer to the rocky
planet.
it would have too big an effect on
its orbit and make it impossible for life
to form there.
But if it doesn't exist,
then the bombardment of meteorites and
asteroids would keep that planet
inundated look at the what happened to our
moon for example it's just such that that
life if it ever did conceive which is
impossible really mathematically it would
be instantly destroyed like it was uh
sixty million years ago with the dinosaurs
so uh you have to have that and
but in ninety five percent of galaxies it
either doesn't exist or the gas giant is
way close to the uh the star and
those galaxies
And then you go further,
you have to have a perfectly circular
orbit.
Because if you have an elliptical orbit,
you get too hot and too cold and
portions of that orbit.
But yet what we find is that ninety
five percent of planetary orbits are not
circular.
And so you've reduced it another ninety
five percent.
And then what you have to have is
something that most people don't even
think about.
Our moon is really, really unique.
And our moon was created by two what
would have been planetary objects hitting
exactly the right way with exactly the
right angle at exactly the right speed.
And the Earth's initial formation to
create a moon that is... Well,
our moon is so large by relative size
to our planet that...
It's larger, for example, than Pluto,
for example.
It's the largest moon in our solar system.
And it's made out of the Earth,
the moon is.
And without a moon of that size and
that distance from our planet,
life couldn't exist on this planet
anymore.
It it is what stabilizes our spin on
our axis and what spin is what stabilizes
our orbit.
It has been hugely effective at
diminishing the asteroid and the meteor
hits on the Earth.
But it also creates tides and without
tides,
there is no life on not no life
is even possible.
on our planet.
And so we have a very unique situation
with an abnormally large moon that is
created out of our planet at precisely the
right distance.
And we're kind of fun to note that
it's a four hundred times closer and four
hundred times smaller than the sun.
So it can create solar eclipses that are
just absolutely perfect things that Yahowah
will use as a sign of the times
as we move forward.
So this part is also essential.
You have to have plate tectonics.
If the plates don't move,
which they're frozen, for example,
on Venus and they're frozen on Mars,
life is not possible.
Then you go to our molten core,
which generates a magnetic field.
Without that magnetic field,
the atmosphere is not only blown away,
but cosmic rays will kill all forms of
life.
making life impossible most planets of the
vast majority it's only like we've our
best guess is about uh ten percent have
of the rocky planets which are a very
very small subset of planets have a molten
core and
From what we've been able to tell,
it is exceedingly rare to have plate
tectonics.
And what we found is that it is
exceedingly,
exceedingly rare to have a moon relative
size of our moon relative to the size
of the Earth and perfectly positioned for
all of this.
And so you just keep on going down
the improbabilities.
And what you finally find is that, no,
it doesn't matter how many other planets
there are or how many galaxies or how
many suns within those galaxies.
fact of the matter is that the earth
is special there are no aliens visiting us
because there are no other intelligent
life forms because there's no chance that
they would be be conceived they would be
able to survive uh you know i was
hoping there would be but the fact is
that those planets are going to have to
have the loving touch the design that
Yahowah and the the great care that he
um
used to create this planet that is like
Eden and he's going to turn it back
into Eden so that it is conducive to
life we're the one place and the enormity
of this universe that is conducive to what
we're doing now when you look out and
see that night sky and you see the
billions upon billions of stars and you're
only seeing you know an infinitesimal
fraction of them to know that you're
among the few who actually can conceive
them, perceive them, think about them.
So our return to Eden so that we
can equip a mortal remnant to resolve the
issues of Adam and Chawah so that they're
willing to work and contribute,
which makes their relationship enjoyable.
Without both parties contributing,
the other party is a dependent,
and that's not fun if it never grows
beyond the dependent stage.
that they learn to learn and find the
great joy in learning.
That's why the tree of knowledge is there.
that they show a sense of responsibility
such that we can be trusted and that
show a willingness to listen to God and
to act appropriately.
These are all things that Adam and Chawah
failed and that we're going to have a
thousand years now to reboot the system
and to create a group of people who
can be trusted,
who are interested and engaging and
accomplishing something worthwhile and who
listened to Yahowah
and respond appropriately and it is those
people who after the whole earth is
returned to the condition of Eden will be
allowed off this planet and the only way
we can get off of this planet is
to have our physical bodies become
disposable so that our our souls are
literally enveloped in light energy uh
which enables us to maneuver in time and
to maneuver in space when you're when you
are essentially light that means that you
can go from one place in the universe
all the way to another instantly so while
it may seem like at the speed of
light that you would be moving at uh
you know at
at a phenomenal speed, but still finite,
where the distances are still enormous,
the fact is that on that photon of
light, time simply exists.
And as such, speed is distance over time.
If time simply is,
then you can travel any distance in no
time.
And that's the reason why as energy,
we will be able to go wherever we
want to in the universe.
And when we get there,
we can experience the normal flow of time
when we take a part of our energy
and convert it into a physical form to
enjoy what I'm doing right now.
I mean, I feel the breeze.
Enjoy the warmth of the sun.
I can hear and can speak to you
with a voice in this.
I can gesture.
You can see my face and eyes and
expression.
And so it is a marvelous way to
go and exist primarily as an energy-based
spiritual being with our souls,
which are energy-based,
enveloped in radiant energy and light.
And then when we wish to convert it,
E equals MC squared,
Einstein's great formula,
where energy is the same thing as matter.
But just energy is just a much greater
amount that matter must be multiplied by
the square of the speed of light to
be equivalent to energy.
So we'll be able to make this transition
between things.
And one of the great mistakes of religion
and many people where they're so fixated
on physical bodies.
We had a song that Leah wrote that
was criticized by YouTube yesterday
because it had a picture of a statue.
Yeah,
Leia just walked by with her little doggie
on a pearl leash.
It's very, very cute.
But the reality was that it was a
statue, but the statue had bare breasts.
And Facebook, no, it was YouTube,
said we don't allow nudity.
And while you probably didn't know that we
would view this as a violation,
so we're not a strike against you,
but you need to change your,
your cover imagery on the,
on this song that people just are so,
um,
Overly sensitized by bodies.
It's, you know, the religious,
you look at Islam and women have to
walk around in tents.
You look at Christianity and they want
people like this.
The mother goddess cult that has been so
annoying to me began with this whole
onslaught of you have to be modest.
And when I said, well,
but we're returning to the Garden of Eden.
And did you bother to look at what
the wardrobe was in the Garden of Eden?
It happens to be we're in a smile.
Now, why is that the case?
Because you have to be comfortable being
totally exposed to God to be as we
should be in the garden,
whether it was then six thousand years ago
or going forward now.
So.
Naked and unafraid is the answer.
And it is one of the reasons why
Islam is so stupid.
Well, a lot of reasons Islam is stupid,
but Allah and the Quran tells Muslims that
if they die killing for him,
they're rewarded with multiple virgins and
paradise.
But the very fact is that
There is no paradise where there's a
physical body.
If you're going to survive this life,
it's going to be as a soul enveloped
in energy,
and you're not going to have a physical
body, so it's just stupid.
But then again, that's Christianity.
Not only is it dumb that in Christianity,
God is no bigger than a man.
And in Christianity,
men can kill their God.
the symbol of the religion is a dead
God on a stick.
But the very idea that, oh,
but he proved that he conquered death
because he has an empty tomb because of
bodily resurrection.
That's going in the wrong direction.
No,
you don't beat death by going back into
a body that was able to be killed.
The body can be killed.
The body can be mutilated.
What can't be killed,
what cannot be mutilated is your soul,
unless you've lived a life where God just
says, you know, I didn't know you,
you didn't know me.
You were deceived,
but you were not a deceiver.
Therefore,
your soul is simply going to dissipate
into nothingness.
I guess that's similar to how a body
would decay and to become nothing as well.
So this whole eighth day,
the eight people that will be so critical
to harvesting the fruit of the tree of
knowledge.
What it represents in terms of affinity is
just the stuff of our tomorrow.
It is what brings us to the future
and it's essential that we have an
appreciation
of everything the eighth day and shelters
represents,
as well as how we get there and
who these eight people who are going to
be so special will be.
I was doing something, Leah,
I don't know if you know this,
but this morning I told Rich,
I'm retranslating the various places where
Dowd, God's beloved son,
our savior and king,
is mentioned in conjunction with his
herald, with his subordinate, Yahowah.
And the first place happens to be in
the first chapter of the Towrah.
God doesn't wait long to tell us about
it.
And it was on the fourth day where
he made this statement.
And there are two luminaries.
According to God,
these are two sources of light and
enlightenment.
And according to God,
and I appreciate this,
he says they're both great.
He says they're both informative.
They're empowering.
They're enriching.
They're enlightening.
They're both great.
He says, but one...
is uh dole he is not just uh
great he's super great he is he is
the most he is the most preeminent of
all uh and super super empowering and uh
and enriching and enabling and then he
says that the other and that's a good
doll and then they the other uh the
katan uh
is that Catan is the lesser luminary,
and he is a subordinate to the greater
luminary.
But what God actually says is something
that is really comforting to me.
He said that the greater of the two
luminaries will be sovereign,
that he will be the head of government,
that
He will be the one who is the
most empowered,
and he is going to carry out his
responsibility through Mashal.
Word pictures,
he's going to be a very articulate
individual, but that he is in charge.
The government is his responsibility.
He is sovereign.
He is king.
And the lesser luminary reports to him,
is subordinate to him.
And that's music to my ears because of
the fact what I've said for a long
time is that
that is so much more comfortable being a
beneficiary, being anonymous,
getting to enjoy all the things that come
along with being part of God's covenant
family.
And having somebody else has the
responsibility.
So in this particular case,
if something goes wrong, I can say,
I made a mistake,
but I'm your responsibility.
So it's your responsibility.
Or when something needs to be resolved,
I got that.
You're king, man.
You're sovereign.
It's your job.
Happy to be here to support you,
but it's your responsibility.
It was delightful to read God's
right there out of the first chapter of
the Towrah and the first book of the
Towrah saying, Dowd's in charge.
He's the greater luminary and he is
sovereign, he is king.
And so I get to serve him and
as we all do.
And I wanna tell you, that is really,
really good news.
So here we are.
We recognize that Dowd completed the first
phase of the mission.
He was responsible for fulfilling the
spring Miqrah, Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
And that we know that Yahowah had a
major plan for Dowd,
not only in his first of three lives
and acquiring Jerusalem,
acquiring the Temple Mount,
protecting God's people,
uniting Israel,
writing these marvelous Psalms so that we
might know who God is, what He's offering,
what He's expecting in return,
and the role that Dowd would play to
enable the benefits of the covenant.
And then all of the word pictures and
the Mashal,
they give us such wonderful insights into
the mindset of not only Dowd,
but of Yahowah as well.
and of those,
the cast of characters that's going to be
working with them.
And so we have so much that we
should be grateful for in his first life.
And then in his second life,
he made it possible for us to live
forever, for us to inherit the covenant,
for us to be enriched and empowered by
God, to be adopted into God's family,
to live forever, to be perfected.
This is a pretty extraordinary thing.
And he comes back in his third life
with all of the responsibility on his
shoulders.
He's king forevermore.
He is God's influence in our presence.
That's why he's called Elion,
which means the very hand of God Almighty.
His throne is actually the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant,
and it will endure forever.
He is the tree of life.
So God had a lot to say about
his relationship and the contribution of
his beloved son, Dowd.
And it all reminds us of Dowd's craving
for knowledge and inspiration,
but also his humanity.
Dowd was in so many ways like us.
He was a man who was learning on
the job.
He was a man who made mistakes and
got up and dusted himself off and said,
all right,
Let's go it again.
We can do better next time.
He was a man of great compassion,
of great courage, of great intellect,
exceedingly articulate,
and yet fully human with all of the
kinds of aches and pains that we deal
with on a daily basis.
He began the sixth of his songs,
the Mizmowr, with these words.
The enduring leader, La ha Natasha.
to approach and on behalf of the
everlasting conductor and the majestic
director who endeavors to lead and is
preeminent and distinguished forever.
So nachash is actually a verb and thus
actionable in the text as modified by the
Peale participle.
And as a participle,
it is very much like the infinitive where
The verb is also a noun.
So it is, nachash is an actionable title,
if you will.
This director,
this conductor is actively engaged.
And it says, to the nachash,
accompanied by stringed instruments.
In other words,
these are lyrics to a song that has
melody.
Above and beyond the eighth octave note.
scale for eternity for heaven and beyond
from Shemini and Shemoneh eighth and
infinite in time and relative to the
spiritual realm it's well we know Shamaym
is a seven-dimensional construct but it is
infinite in time and there is i mean
To say that Shamaym is seven-dimensional,
because that's Yahowah's favorite number,
six plus one equals seven,
and we know that the universe is
six-dimensional,
this takes us to the point we would
naturally conclude that Shamaym is the
seventh dimension.
But it doesn't have to remain that way.
Yahowah could well be eight dimensions to
have created a seventh dimension spiritual
realm.
And he could be more than eight dimensions
as well.
And could take us even beyond the seventh
dimension of Shamaym, of heaven.
So it's something to think about.
This was the introduction to,
the dedication, if you will,
of the sixth Mizmowr psalm.
Now,
this is one of only three times that
Shemoneh, the eighth,
appears in the text,
each in reference to the instrumentation
for a song.
And since it is clearly related to Shemoneh
, eight,
scholars typically consider Shemoneh to
be the eighth octave.
In fact,
the English word octave is based upon the
Latin word for eight, octo.
The issue with limiting it to this
singular expression is that a harp can
only play six and a half octaves,
not eight,
and its range exceeds that of other
stringed instruments.
Further, our most accomplished singers
have a four octave range with the eighth
octave residing at the upward limit of
what people can even hear.
It's the beyond.
When we consider the scale of eight in
harmony with Yahowah's nomenclature,
we find several thought provoking ideas.
The eighth day of Sukah is an ode
to eternal life with God in heaven.
And in this regard, the word for eight,
Shemini,
is remarkably similar to the Hebrew word
for heaven, Shamaym.
And third,
there are seven notes in an octave, A,
B, C, D, E, F, and G.
audibly affirming that Yahowah's plan,
one which reverberates throughout time,
goes beyond the seventh and into the
eighth octave.
Therefore,
I suspect that Dowd is dedicating this
song to Yahowah in recognition of his
desire to spend his eternity in his
Father's company in heaven.
He could even be saying something that I
had not considered previously.
And that is that Yahowah,
who I've always assumed was at least seven
dimensional because he created a six
dimensional universe and you have to be a
dimension beyond that which you create for
you to build something that is of such
scale.
in this, you know, for example,
we can build buildings,
but they're out of the things that are
already here.
When you're creating something from
nothing,
you have to be a dimension beyond it.
Where
You know,
there's the old cartoon that says, well,
you know, God,
we don't need you anymore because science
has figured out how to conceive life.
By the way, it's not true.
Science doesn't have a clue as about the
conception of life.
They don't even understand what a soul is.
But the fact is, OK,
so they're having a conversation.
We don't need more.
We can create life just from dirt and
that sort of thing.
And so God says, OK, prove it.
And so the scientist begins,
he gets some dirt together and says, no,
no, no, get your own dirt.
And so this is really the point of
if you're going to create a universe that
is where you are responsible for
everything in it,
then you need to be a dimension beyond
it.
And so with Shamaym playing such an
important role and it being the dimension
beyond the physical universe and it
therefore being seven dimensions,
wouldn't we naturally
assume,
credibly conclude that Yahowah would be a
dimension beyond that and therefore eight
dimensional.
I think there's every possibility of that
being true.
And this of course means that God is
not
limiting us to what we currently know.
And so Dowd is dedicating the song to
Yahowah in recognition that we will enjoy
an eternity together in his Father's
company in heaven.
And that
There could be even an opportunity beyond
that.
And he realizes that God is not pleased
with the conduct of men on earth.
And he certainly wasn't pleased with the
conduct of Adam and Chawah.
And clearly hasn't been pleased with the
conduct of humanity in general and with
Israel in particular.
And that the conditions will be far better
in the next life.
Now,
the sentiment expressed in this opening
statement of Dowd's song is central to our
understanding as it is universally
ignored.
The purpose of the Beryth, the covenant,
and of the Towrah guidance and teaching is
yakach,
persuasively demonstrated and proven
through Dowd.
He is the antidote to rabbinic Judaism and
to Pauline Christianity.
He demonstrates that the Towrah,
rather than condemning,
perfects the imperfect so that we can
become beloved sons and daughters of
Yahowah.
Here is the opening line of the sixth
mizmowr.
Yahowah, you consistently prove your case.
with pervasive arguments,
which vindicate me and acquit through me.
You use evidence and reason,
engaging in rational dialogue with me,
making decisions and resolving disputes
through me,
demonstrating that you and I are right.
was written in the Hifl,
which means that God is the subject,
is making this possible for Dowd,
and actually engaging with Dowd as if he
were a secondary subject.
Imperfect,
which means this has ongoing implications
over time.
And Jusuf,
which is an expression of third person
life.
So Yah is continually enabling Dowd to
engage in the process of rational
discourse within the parameters of free
will.
I love Hebrew.
Hebrew grammar is just so utterly
spectacular and so enlightening that
translating from the oldest text,
is tremendously rewarding and even for
those who would say well i read and
speak hebrew i don't need a translation oh
yes you do
Because, first of all,
modern Hebrew bears actually only a
fleeting resemblance to the Hebrew of the
Towrah.
It is far more shaded and contoured by
the Talmud and by English than it is
by the original vocabulary of the Towrah.
These interesting moods play no role going
forward in Judaism.
In Hebrew,
they've gone back to the system of verbs
being stuck in time, past, present,
or future,
as opposed to the idea of constrained in
time or unlimited in time and of the
volitional moods and of the stems,
which...
describe the relationship between the
subject and object of the sentence
pursuant to the verb.
And so all of these things,
doing these amplified translations,
I can share with you so you have
a much better appreciation
of what is being communicated.
So with all of the chit-chat,
let me go back to the beginning.
We can pick up our pace in this.
Yahowah,
which is the proper pronunciation of the
name of God,
as directed by his Towrah teaching
regarding his higher existence.
You constantly prove your case through me
with pervasive arguments which vindicate
me and which acquit through me.
thereby eliminating everything displeasing
and disagreeable wow so by the very
communication that has been recorded by
Dowd that he's had with Yahowah god can
vindicate god can literally acquit those
who capitalize on what they learn from
this process
and that by understanding all that Doda
achieved and will achieve in his three
lives,
and his unique relationship with Yahowah as
Messiah and King,
Chosen One and Son of God, even Savior,
that God proves his case.
He proves exactly what he's trying to
achieve, which is to have...
Children that he can trust.
Children who will engage and make a
contribution to the relationship.
Children who listen to him and respond
appropriately.
Children whom he can trust when it's
important to do the right thing.
And so all of this is conveyed through
doubt.
He proves his case through doubt.
with pervasive arguments,
which vindicate and acquit.
Not only vindicate Dowd,
but provide salvation, acquittal,
a not guilty verdict for the rest of
us.
It says that he uses evidence and reason,
engaging in rational dialogue with Dowd,
making decisions and resolving disputes
through Dowd,
demonstrating that Yahowah and Dowd are
right.
under the auspices of free will,
thereby eliminating everything that is
displeasing and disagreeable.
Why can we return to the garden and
wear the garden's attire,
which is a smile?
Because we're comfortable being exposed to
God,
because Dowd by fulfilling chag matza
removed our guilt, so we appear ideal,
just unblemished and not guilty in his
love.
God sees the great in us,
the good in us, the wonderful in us,
but doesn't see anything that would cause
him to eliminate us,
to be displeased by us,
or to see us as disagreeable.
This is the beauty of what Pesach Matsah
and particularly Matsah represent.
It's why it's such a shame that in
Judaism, Christianity, and in Islam,
there is no recognition for Chag Matsah.
None.
And yet Chag Matsah is the essence of
what he is saying here.
Through Dowd,
because Dowd carried our guilt on Matsah
into Sheowl,
which is the equivalent of a black hole,
to deposit it there so that it's never
seen again,
that he has eliminated everything that's
displeasing,
everything that is disagreeable.
So we're devoid of antagonistic
implications and frustrations.
There is no resentment.
There's no lingering animosity.
All of these things are gone.
There's no reason for God to be
displeased.
We are perfected.
In other words,
Paul lied when he said that the Towrah
can't save.
It is the only means to salvation.
And it occurs through doubt.
And it occurred on Matsah when it was
fulfilled in year four thousand year
thirty three C.E.
Our Savior, the chosen one,
the very Son of God,
our Messiah and King, continued.
Your instructions,
he's speaking now to Yahowah,
enable me to be correct.
Your willingness to improve me,
to teach me, to guide and train me,
even provide discipline for me,
make me stronger, supporting me, peel,
imperfect, juicive,
is continually benefiting from Yahowah's
guidance under the auspices, again,
of volition.
And you are never overtly or overly
willing
protective or antagonistic.
You are not displeased nor all emotionally
worked up, neither toxic nor venomous,
doing so without indignation.
I love this.
Ms.
Moore lyrics to sing Psalm six one.
I love this so much.
We're going to conclude this program on
it,
but let me give you just a shout
out as to why this is so magnificent.
So we have Yahowah.
Proving his intent,
which is to have a family and to
have sons and daughters that he can do
fun stuff with, that he can engage with,
who will work with him,
who will make a contribution to this
relationship and to the universe and to
Shamaym,
that will listen to him and that he
can trust and that he proves that case
through Dowd.
Dowd is the living exemplar of everything
that was wrong with Adam.
God proved that a man can be what
Adam was not.
And that through Dowd and the pervasive
arguments that have been made through
Dowd, there is vindication,
there is acquittal, there is opportunity.
There is all of the evidence and reasons
you could possibly need to engage in a
rational dialogue.
It's marvelous the way that Dowd is
presented as the ultimate solution.
and thereby eliminating everything that is
displeasing and disagreeable.
This is the very way that God went
about eliminating our guilt by Dowd taking
it himself with his nephesh soul.
After fulfilling Pesach as the lamb,
Dowd on his soul with the Ruach protecting
his soul, his nephesh,
carried it into hell.
The shield, the black hole,
and deposited there, never to be seen,
never to be released.
Again, all things disagreeable are gone.
All things antagonistic.
You know,
the history of Jews during the Exodus was
nothing but a march of antagonism and
frustration and resentment and lingering
animosity.
It's all gone because of what happened on
Matsah.
And so God's Towrah instructions,
they enable us to be correct.
And that is all that really matters.
Dowd was right about God.
And therefore,
Dowd could be right with God.
They make us stronger.
They create discipline.
They train us.
They provide strength to us.
They teach us, guide us, improve us.
And then this, this is so subtle,
but so powerful.
And so you're not overly protective nor
antagonistic.
You know,
Yahowah got antagonistic towards Adam and
Chawah, and he was overly protective.
You know,
everything that could be harmful was kept
from them.
They had everything they could need to
possibly eat, and yet they were deadbeats.
God was overly protective,
and so man never grew up,
never developed a backbone,
never developed character,
never showed that he was worth anything
that was of interest to God.
And so God had to become less overtly
protective and to move back and say,
you know,
you need to demonstrate that you can fall
and get back up.
I can't hold you up and keep you
from falling for you and you to develop
any character.
It's like a parent with a child that
never allows that child to be exposed to
failing.
is so protective,
wants to manage everything in that child's
life,
that child has no chance of growing up
and maturing and becoming anything more
than that parent's dependent.
That was our issue in Eden and Dowd
recognized it.
And so God has to be less protective
of us and less frustrated with us for
this relationship to work.
It's so beautiful.
That's the whole reason that we were sent
out of the garden.
And while we are being invited back in
under this unique situation with the tree
of lives and the tree of knowledge working
together to equip people to grow and to
learn and to be responsible contributors
to life.
So that God is not antagonistic and
frustrated by us,
which he has been for the last six
thousand years.
And therefore,
he has to be less overtly protective of
us and give us a chance to grow,
to learn.
You know,
so many times I'm told that you can't
speak for God and ever have made a
mistake.
Nonsense.
If you haven't made a mistake,
you're not speaking for God.
God doesn't want to totally control us.
He wants us to have this opportunity to
fall and get up because that is how
we develop character.
You never develop character or strength of
personality or show that you're
responsible and reliable and dependable.
As I say,
if you're walking through a garden of
lollipops and tulips, you have to...
Fall and get up.
You have to have challenges and obstacles
to clear to demonstrate that you have the
capacity to make a contribution.
You have to make a mistake,
admit that you make a mistake,
learn from that mistake, share the...
Truth as you have learned it,
as you have discovered additional
evidence, have the confidence to do that,
have the character to do that,
have the compassion to do that.
If you're going to be somebody that is
going to be interesting and trustworthy,
left off of this planet to go explore
the universe in the company of Yahowah.
And that is the message of Mismore Psalm
six one.
And it is a lesson.
for all time, for all people,
and all places and situations.
So I thank you for being part of
this blustery trade win kind of a day
here on a Thanksgiving day here in the
U.S.
Virgin Islands.
We appreciate having this opportunity to
bring this program to you and very much
appreciate you listening.
Good day.